The Fool
I sense inexperience.  Perhaps the subject represents a dreamer, someone who may be impulsive and careless.
The Magician
There is harmonious interaction between idea and feeling, desire and emotion.  The subject has organizational skills and creative talents, and the potential to create.
The High Priestess
Here we have spiritual enlightenment and inner illumination.  There may be hidden influences at work.
The Empress
I see material wealth, marriage, and fertility.  There is a nurturing component.
The Emperor
There is stability, law and order.  There is an active force representing authority, leadership, drive and determination.
The Hierophant
I see ritual and ceremony, and an interest in learning.  The subject values social approval and conforms to societys expectations.
The Lovers
I sense that there are difficult decisions, choice, and temptation related to your question.
The Chariot
I sense triumph and success over issues related to health or money.  Momentum is growing, but pay attention to where things are heading.
Strength
I see courage and power, which could lead to overly assertive behavior.  Care must be taken to maintain a balance between opposing forces.  
The Hermit
I see prudence and discretion.  Be open to receive instruction from an expert in the search for knowledge.
The Wheel of Fortune
There may be success, unexpected change in luck or fortune for the better.  Take advantage of new opportunities.
Justice
Balance is required. Eliminate excess baggage, wrong ideas, and useless forms of education.  Look for a mixture of the right ingredients.
The Hanged Man
You may want to suspend decisions.  Sacrifices may need to be made.
Death
Let go and accept change.  There will be transformation, change, and destruction followed by new opportunities. 
Temperance
Learn to transfer your energy from the imagination to realization.  Adaptation is an important component.
The Devil
I sense discontent, depression and illness.  Be aware of destructive tendencies.
The Tower
There is change, conflict, and catastrophe surrounding the subject.  Disruption will bring enlightenment, however.
The Star
There is insight, inspiration, hope and dreams.  There is a light at the end of the tunnel.
The Moon
I sense some deception, or hidden factors.  There may be confusion and uncertainty.
The Sun
It looks like there may be material happiness, success, liberation, gratitude and attainment.  There are achievements in work and school.
Judgment
I see a life well lived, and work well done.  There is an awakening, along with accountability.
The World
I see fulfillment, gain, or achievement of something worked for or deserved.  Completion, reward, and success are near.
Ace of Wands
I see the beginning of a journey, an adventure, or an escapade.
Two of Wands
The answer lies with a new idea or an opportunity.
Three of Wands
Realization of hope, established strength, wealth and power.  There ma be a partnership involved.
Four of Wands
Hard work, persistence, peace, prosperity, and harmony.
Five of Wands
Uh oh.  There is violent strife and competition.  You may be facing obstacles or limitations that will hold back progress.
Six of Wands
There is good news.  Advancement in work, and your friends may be helpful.
Seven of Wands
I sense tiredness and a lack of motivation for key projects.  
Eight of Wands
There is a renewed fire and spirit.  There is movement in the air, but it may be too fast. 
Nine of Wands
I sense exhaustion.  There will be a pause in your struggle.  There will be eventual victory, but a steady force must be applied.
Ten of Wands
There is a force and energy being applied, but power is unwisely used.  You are taking on too much.
Page of Wands
I sense passion around a creative idea, but it needs some refinement. 
Knight of Wands
I sense impulsiveness, and perhaps a change of residence, emigration, or a quick departure.
Queen of Wands
I sense upcoming success in your endeavors, and loyalty, generosity and kindness.
King of Wands
I sense honesty, friendliness, and passion.  A leader in a position of authority, who is happy when facing challenges.
Ace of Cups
I sense relationships unfolding, desire for companionship
Two of Cups
I see partnerships and the development of a bond
Three of Cups
There may be a celebration of something special coming soon.
Four of Cups
I sense indifference.  The subject is slightly disengaged from the activity.
Five of Cups
Be prepared to be upset or disappointed with the situation.
Six of Cups
Be careful not to take a trip down memory lane.  I sense regret.
Seven of Cups
There are so many decisions to make!
Eight of Cups
Be prepared for separation, heartbreak, and lost hope.
Nine of Cups
I sense a meaningful relationship or engagement.  There are happy times ahead.
Ten of Cups
There are strong bonds, a strong family connection, and emotional contentment.
Page of Cups
I sense inconsistencies.  There seems to be a swing between being studious and giving into daydreaming.
Knight of Cups
You may receive a message, a proposition, or an invitation.
Queen of Cups
I sense honesty, devotion, and loyalty.  There may be success and happiness in the future.
King of Cups
The subject may not be as in touch with their emotions as you might think.
Ace of Swords
There are challenges ahead, as you may be faced with a change in belief.
Two of Swords
You may be avoiding conflict that needs to be faced or talked about.
Three of Swords
I sense a betrayal or loss.  There may be disappointment, separation, or quarreling.
Four of Swords
This is a time for contemplation and recuperation.
Five of Swords
I sense failure, defeat, cruelty and cowardliness.
Six of Swords
There may be a calm moment in an otherwise difficult situation.
Seven of Swords
Be alert.  There is the potential for deception or dishonesty.
Eight of Swords
I sense that the subject is being driven by fear, and there may be betrayal.
Nine of Swords  
There may be suffering, loss, doubt.  A fresh mental perspective may be needed.
Ten of Swords
Your plans or projects will be ruined.  Tears will fall.  There will be a biter and difficult ending.
Page of Swords
Be wary of childish behavior.  
Knight of Swords
There is misfortune in the air.
Queen of Swords
A guarded but intelligent woman may be involved.
King of Swords
I sense power, strength, and authority.  There may be wise counsel given.
Ace of Pentacles
I sense the beginning of wealth and material gain.
Two of Pentacles
I sense a feeling of lightheartedness.  There is harmony in the midst of change.
Three of Pentacles
Be prepared to celebrate success or material gain.
Four of Pentacles
There may be gifts, material gain, or success.  Avoid risk or challenge.
Five of Pentacles
I sense financial and security issues that will cause concern. Perhaps the subject involves someone who will be facing unemployment or loneliness.
Six of Pentacles
The subject may involve the receipt of a gift, bonus, or loan.  There may be some positive feelings about people and the future.
Seven of Pentacles
I sense someone who may be feeling insecure on some level.  They may need to make a decision about their future.
Eight of Pentacles
I sense someone who is learning a trade or profession, and employment or a commission is in their future.
Nine of Pentacles
I sense someone who will reap the rewards of hard work and commitment.  This is a time for them to feel proud.
Ten of Pentacles
I sense strong bonds and a solid foundation.  Someone who seem to have a happy, fulfilled, and secure lifestyle.
Page of Pentacles
I sense a person who is searching for help on a project, but also has a lot to learn.  
Knight of Pentacles
I sense a person who is responsible, and is a creature of habit that enjoys routine.
Queen of Pentacles
I sense a person who is self-sufficient and has achieved a lot.  They have earned the trust of those around them.
King of Pentacles
I sense a person who does not like to take risks.  They are trustworthy, kind, and reliable.  They have a steady temperament. 
